---
layout: post
title: "April 2016 Ink Drop"
date: 2016-04-08 22:39
categories: ["ink-and-paper"]
tags: ["goulet", "ink-drop", "diamine-magical-forest", "diamine-sherwood-forest", "diamine-terracotta", "noodlers-forest-green", "platinum-mix-free-earth-brown"]

---

So, the April 2016 will be our next-to-last ink drop from the great
[Goulet Pens](http://gouletpens.com). The announcement from the
Goulet's was bittersweet (well, they were near tears, really) as they
had to announce the sad news that the monthly Ink Drop subscription
has become too costly to continue.

This month's is "Forest Foray" containing a few greens and browns.

{% if page.data %}{% assign data = page.data %}
{% else %}
{% assign data = page.path | split:"/" | last | split:"." | first %}
{% endif %}
{% assign data = site.data[data] %}
{% assign gallery = data.gallery %}
{% assign materials = data.materials %}
{% assign gallery_path = site.s3path | append: gallery.path %}
{% assign images = gallery.images %}

*******

{% for image in images %}
{% include image_entry.html %}
{% endfor %}

*******

{% for material in materials %}
### {{ material.first }}
{% for item in material.last %}
* {{ item }}{% endfor %}
{% endfor %}

******

The Poems used for this set include:

### "Lost in the Forest" - Pablo Neruda

<blockquote>
<p>Lost in the forest, I broke off a dark twig<br>
and lifted its whisper to my thirsty lips:<br>
maybe it was the voice of the rain crying,<br>
a cracked bell, or a torn heart.</p>

<p>Something from far off it seemed<br>
deep and secret to me, hidden by the earth,<br>
a shout muffled by huge autumns,<br>
by the moist half-open darkness of the leaves.</p>

<p>Wakening from the dreaming forest there, the hazel-sprig<br>
sang under my tongue, its drifting fragrance<br>
climbed up through my conscious mind.</p>

<p>as if suddenly the roots I had left behind<br>
cried out to me, the land I had lost with my childhood&mdash;<br>
and I stopped, wounded by the wandering scent.</p>

<footer><cite
href="http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/lost-in-the-forest/">Pablo Neruda</cite></footer>
</blockquote>



### "Dust is to Dirt as Dirt is to Grass" by Chancellor Nelson

<blockquote>
I'm not sure how long we'll last<br>
For dust is to dirt as dirt is to grass<br>
But, grass is greener on the other side, no? <br>
I suppose from afar it might seem so.<br>
I'm not one to count a chicken unhatched<br>
For dust is to dirt as dirt is to grass<br>
The miniscule time will come and pass<br>
For dust is to dirt as dirt is to grass <br>
<footer><cite href="http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/dust-is-to-dirt-as-dirt-is-to-grass/">Chancellor Nelson</cite></footer>
</blockquote>
